README.md, before:

# dcpetty.dev

The [Github](https://github.com/dcpetty/) account of [David C. Petty](http:/dcpetty.dev/).

I have included [instructions](https://dcpetty.github.io/move/) for moving repositories from [`psb-david-petty`](https://github.com/github.com/psb-david-petty?tab=repositories&sort=name) to [`dcpetty`](https://github.com/github.com/dcpetty?tab=repositories&sort=name).

# [`dcpetty`](https://github.com/dcpetty?tab=repositories&sort=name) Repositories

| Pages | Repo | Checked | Description |
| --- | --- | :-: | --- |
| [./2022-csta](https://dcpetty.github.io/2022-csta/) | [2022-csta](https://github.com/dcpetty/2022-csta/) | &#x2713; | 2022 CSTA — *Unit Testing for Automatic Grading with Student Feedback*. |
| [./cambridge-childcare-settings-map](https://dcpetty.github.io/cambridge-childcare-settings-map/) | [cambridge-childcare-settings-map](https://github.com/dcpetty/cambridge-childcare-settings-map/) | &#x2713; | *A Map of Childcare Settings in Cambridge, MA* |
| [./ccsae](https://dcpetty.github.io/ccsae/) | [ccsae](https://github.com/dcpetty/ccsae/) | &#x2713; | For generating [HTML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dcpetty/ccsae/refs/heads/main/ccsae.html) to embed with [*Coastal Climate Science &mdash; Activities and Experiments*](https://sites.google.com/view/coastal-climate-science) (CCSAE) [explainers](https://sites.google.com/view/coastal-climate-science/explainers). |
| [./csta2024-lesson-plan-template](https://dcpetty.github.io/csta2024-lesson-plan-template/) | [csta2024-lesson-plan-template](https://github.com/dcpetty/csta2024-lesson-plan-template/) | &#x2713; | A basic copy of [https://github.com/hylandtechoutreach/lesson-plan-template](https://github.com/hylandtechoutreach/lesson-plan-template) |
| [./cv](https://dcpetty.github.io/cv/) | [cv](https://github.com/dcpetty/cv/) | &#x2713; | My CV. (Note: copied from the cantabrigia.us repository) |
| [./dcpetty.github.io](https://dcpetty.github.io/) | [dcpetty.github.io](https://github.com/dcpetty/dcpetty.github.io/) | &#x2713; | This top-level repository for [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) @ [https://dcpetty.github.io/](https://dcpetty.github.io/) &mdash; aliased to [https://dcpetty.dev/](https://dcpetty.dev/). |
| [./first](https://dcpetty.github.io/first/) | [first](https://github.com/dcpetty/first/) | &#x2713; | A sample repo created for [https://bit.ly/hgse-github-intro](https://bit.ly/hgse-github-intro). |
| [./google-colaboratory](https://dcpetty.github.io/google-colaboratory/) | [google-colaboratory](https://github.com/dcpetty/google-colaboratory/) | &#x2713; | google-colaboratory (Note: this repository is located on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/)) |
| [./informal](https://dcpetty.github.io/informal/) | [informal](https://github.com/dcpetty/informal/) | &#x2612; | informal |
| [./latex](https://dcpetty.github.io/latex/) | [latex](https://github.com/dcpetty/latex/) | &#x2713; | My LaTeX repository with template documents. |
| [./mit-app-inventor](https://dcpetty.github.io/mit-app-inventor/) | [mit-app-inventor](https://github.com/dcpetty/mit-app-inventor/) | &#x2713; | Sample [MIT App Inventor](https://appinventor.mit.edu/) projects |
| [./mm-github-pages-starter](https://dcpetty.github.io/mm-github-pages-starter/) | [mm-github-pages-starter](https://github.com/dcpetty/mm-github-pages-starter/) | &#x2612; | mm-github-pages-starter |
| [./obsidian](https://dcpetty.github.io/obsidian/) | [obsidian](https://github.com/dcpetty/obsidian/) | &#x2612; | obsidian |
| [./p5js](https://dcpetty.github.io/p5js/) | [p5js](https://github.com/dcpetty/p5js/) | &#x2713; | Projects developed to learn more about [p5.js](https://p5js.org/).|
| [./packagetest](https://dcpetty.github.io/packagetest/) | [packagetest](https://github.com/dcpetty/packagetest/) | &#x2612; | packagetest |
| [./pythontemplate](https://dcpetty.github.io/pythontemplate/) | [pythontemplate](https://github.com/dcpetty/pythontemplate/) | &#x2612; | pythontemplate |

Checked means:

- The local repo is fetched to a `dcpetty/` directory.
- The local repo is up-to-date with the [Github](https://github.com).
- The local repo has up-to-date `.git/config` file.

# [`dcpetty`](https://github.com/settings/organizations) Organizations

These organizations were created by or joined by `dcpetty`.

| Organization | Owner | Checked |
| --- | --- | :-: |
| [`2022-csta`](https://github.com/2022-csta) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`2024-csforma-classroom`](https://github.com/2024-csforma-classroom) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`appinventor-foundation`](https://github.com/appinventor-foundation) | `dcpetty` / `jisqyv` / `josmas` / `mark-friedman` / `mintingle` / `mjgallag` / `zareenc` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2018-2019-apcsp`](https://github.com/psb-2018-2019-apcsp) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2019-2020-s1-autonomous-robotics`](https://github.com/psb-2019-2020-s1-autonomous-robotics) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2019-2020-s2-autonomous-robotics`](https://github.com/psb-2019-2020-s2-autonomous-robotics) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-apcsa`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-apcsa) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-apcsp`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-apcsp) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-a`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-a) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-b`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-b) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-g`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-g) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-apcsa`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-apcsa) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-apcsp`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-apcsp) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-botball`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-botball) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-s1-autonomous-robotics`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-s1-autonomous-robotics) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-s2-autonomous-robotics-2`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-s2-autonomous-robotics-2) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2022-2023-apcsp`](https://github.com/psb-2022-2023-apcsp) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2022-2023-botball`](https://github.com/psb-2022-2023-botball) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2022-2023-s2-autonomous-robotics`](https://github.com/psb-2022-2023-s2-autonomous-robotics) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2014-2015-apcs`](https://github.com/wps-2014-2015-apcs) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2015-2016-apcs-a`](https://github.com/wps-2015-2016-apcs-a) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2015-2016-apcs-f`](https://github.com/wps-2015-2016-apcs-f) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2016-2017-apcs-a`](https://github.com/wps-2016-2017-apcs-a) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2016-2017-apcs-f`](https://github.com/wps-2016-2017-apcs-f) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2017-2018-apcs`](https://github.com/wps-2017-2018-apcs) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |

<hr>

[&#128279; permalink](https://dcpetty.github.io/) and [&#128297; repository](https://github.com/dcpetty/dcpetty.github.io/) for this page.
32e

Commit message:

Update README with tools section and instructions.
Added a tools section and updated repository instructions.

README.md, after:

# dcpetty.dev

The [Github](https://github.com/dcpetty/) account of [David C. Petty](http:/dcpetty.dev/).

# Tools

| Tool | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [./news/](./news) | Create a tracker-free short link for [Google Search](https://google.com/search) queries. |

# [`dcpetty`](https://github.com/dcpetty?tab=repositories&sort=name) Repositories

I have included [instructions](https://dcpetty.github.io/move/) for moving repositories from [`psb-david-petty`](https://github.com/github.com/psb-david-petty?tab=repositories&sort=name) to [`dcpetty`](https://github.com/github.com/dcpetty?tab=repositories&sort=name).

| Pages | Repo | Checked | Description |
| --- | --- | :-: | --- |
| [./2022-csta](https://dcpetty.github.io/2022-csta/) | [2022-csta](https://github.com/dcpetty/2022-csta/) | &#x2713; | 2022 CSTA — *Unit Testing for Automatic Grading with Student Feedback*. |
| [./cambridge-childcare-settings-map](https://dcpetty.github.io/cambridge-childcare-settings-map/) | [cambridge-childcare-settings-map](https://github.com/dcpetty/cambridge-childcare-settings-map/) | &#x2713; | *A Map of Childcare Settings in Cambridge, MA* |
| [./ccsae](https://dcpetty.github.io/ccsae/) | [ccsae](https://github.com/dcpetty/ccsae/) | &#x2713; | For generating [HTML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dcpetty/ccsae/refs/heads/main/ccsae.html) to embed with [*Coastal Climate Science &mdash; Activities and Experiments*](https://sites.google.com/view/coastal-climate-science) (CCSAE) [explainers](https://sites.google.com/view/coastal-climate-science/explainers). |
| [./csta2024-lesson-plan-template](https://dcpetty.github.io/csta2024-lesson-plan-template/) | [csta2024-lesson-plan-template](https://github.com/dcpetty/csta2024-lesson-plan-template/) | &#x2713; | A basic copy of [https://github.com/hylandtechoutreach/lesson-plan-template](https://github.com/hylandtechoutreach/lesson-plan-template) |
| [./cv](https://dcpetty.github.io/cv/) | [cv](https://github.com/dcpetty/cv/) | &#x2713; | My CV. (Note: copied from the cantabrigia.us repository) |
| [./dcpetty.github.io](https://dcpetty.github.io/) | [dcpetty.github.io](https://github.com/dcpetty/dcpetty.github.io/) | &#x2713; | This top-level repository for [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) @ [https://dcpetty.github.io/](https://dcpetty.github.io/) &mdash; aliased to [https://dcpetty.dev/](https://dcpetty.dev/). |
| [./first](https://dcpetty.github.io/first/) | [first](https://github.com/dcpetty/first/) | &#x2713; | A sample repo created for [https://bit.ly/hgse-github-intro](https://bit.ly/hgse-github-intro). |
| [./google-colaboratory](https://dcpetty.github.io/google-colaboratory/) | [google-colaboratory](https://github.com/dcpetty/google-colaboratory/) | &#x2713; | google-colaboratory (Note: this repository is located on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/)) |
| [./informal](https://dcpetty.github.io/informal/) | [informal](https://github.com/dcpetty/informal/) | &#x2612; | informal |
| [./latex](https://dcpetty.github.io/latex/) | [latex](https://github.com/dcpetty/latex/) | &#x2713; | My LaTeX repository with template documents. |
| [./mit-app-inventor](https://dcpetty.github.io/mit-app-inventor/) | [mit-app-inventor](https://github.com/dcpetty/mit-app-inventor/) | &#x2713; | Sample [MIT App Inventor](https://appinventor.mit.edu/) projects |
| [./mm-github-pages-starter](https://dcpetty.github.io/mm-github-pages-starter/) | [mm-github-pages-starter](https://github.com/dcpetty/mm-github-pages-starter/) | &#x2612; | mm-github-pages-starter |
| [./obsidian](https://dcpetty.github.io/obsidian/) | [obsidian](https://github.com/dcpetty/obsidian/) | &#x2612; | obsidian |
| [./p5js](https://dcpetty.github.io/p5js/) | [p5js](https://github.com/dcpetty/p5js/) | &#x2713; | Projects developed to learn more about [p5.js](https://p5js.org/).|
| [./packagetest](https://dcpetty.github.io/packagetest/) | [packagetest](https://github.com/dcpetty/packagetest/) | &#x2612; | packagetest |
| [./pythontemplate](https://dcpetty.github.io/pythontemplate/) | [pythontemplate](https://github.com/dcpetty/pythontemplate/) | &#x2612; | pythontemplate |

Checked means:

- The local repo is fetched to a `dcpetty/` directory.
- The local repo is up-to-date with the [Github](https://github.com).
- The local repo has up-to-date `.git/config` file.

# [`dcpetty`](https://github.com/settings/organizations) Organizations

These organizations were created by or joined by `dcpetty`.

| Organization | Owner | Checked |
| --- | --- | :-: |
| [`2022-csta`](https://github.com/2022-csta) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`2024-csforma-classroom`](https://github.com/2024-csforma-classroom) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`appinventor-foundation`](https://github.com/appinventor-foundation) | `dcpetty` / `jisqyv` / `josmas` / `mark-friedman` / `mintingle` / `mjgallag` / `zareenc` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2018-2019-apcsp`](https://github.com/psb-2018-2019-apcsp) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2019-2020-s1-autonomous-robotics`](https://github.com/psb-2019-2020-s1-autonomous-robotics) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2019-2020-s2-autonomous-robotics`](https://github.com/psb-2019-2020-s2-autonomous-robotics) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-apcsa`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-apcsa) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-apcsp`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-apcsp) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-a`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-a) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-b`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-b) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-g`](https://github.com/psb-2020-2021-s2-autonomous-robotics-g) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-apcsa`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-apcsa) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-apcsp`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-apcsp) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-botball`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-botball) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-s1-autonomous-robotics`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-s1-autonomous-robotics) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2021-2022-s2-autonomous-robotics-2`](https://github.com/psb-2021-2022-s2-autonomous-robotics-2) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2022-2023-apcsp`](https://github.com/psb-2022-2023-apcsp) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2022-2023-botball`](https://github.com/psb-2022-2023-botball) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`psb-2022-2023-s2-autonomous-robotics`](https://github.com/psb-2022-2023-s2-autonomous-robotics) | `dcpetty` / `psb-david-petty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2014-2015-apcs`](https://github.com/wps-2014-2015-apcs) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2015-2016-apcs-a`](https://github.com/wps-2015-2016-apcs-a) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2015-2016-apcs-f`](https://github.com/wps-2015-2016-apcs-f) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2016-2017-apcs-a`](https://github.com/wps-2016-2017-apcs-a) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2016-2017-apcs-f`](https://github.com/wps-2016-2017-apcs-f) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |
| [`wps-2017-2018-apcs`](https://github.com/wps-2017-2018-apcs) | `dcpetty` / `wps-dpetty` | &#x2713; |

<hr>

[&#128279; permalink](https://dcpetty.github.io/) and [&#128297; repository](https://github.com/dcpetty/dcpetty.github.io/) for this page.
32e
